Good morning. It's 7 A.M. The weather in Malibu is 72 degrees with scattered clouds. The surf conditions are fair with waist to shoulder highlines, high tide will be at 10:52 a.m.

"J.A.R.V.I.S., are you up?"
"For you sir, always."
"I'd like to open a new project file, index as: Mark II."
"Shall I store this on the Stark Industries' central database?"
"I don't know who to trust right now. 'Til further notice, why don't we just keep everything on my private server."
"Working on a secret project, are we, sir?"
"I don't want this winding up in the wrong hands. Maybe in mine, it could actually do some good."

"J.A.R.V.I.S., you there?"
"At your service, sir."
"Engage heads up display."
"Check."
"Import all preferences from home interface."
"Will do, sir."
"Alright, what do you say?"
"I have indeed been uploaded, sir. We're online and ready."
"Can we start the virtual walk-around?"
"Importing preferences and calibrating virtual environment."
"Do a check on the control surfaces."
"As you wish."

"Test complete. Preparing to power down and begin diagnostics."
"Uh, yeah, tell you what. Do a weather and ATC check, start listening in on ground control."
"Sir, there are still terabytes of calculations required before an actual flight is—"
"J.A.R.V.I.S., sometimes you gotta run before you can walk. Ready in three... two... one."

"Alright, let's see what this thing can do. What's SR-71's record."
"The altitude record for fixed wing flight is eighty-five thousand feet, sir."
"Records are made to be broken. Come on!"


"Sir, there is a potentially fatal buildup of ice occurring."
"Keep going! Higher!"

"Notes: main transducer feels sluggish at plus 40 altitude. Hull pressurization is problematic. I'm thinking icing is the probable factor."
"A very astute observation, sir. Perhaps if you intend to visit other planets, you should include the we should improve the exosystems."
"Connect to the sys. co. Have it reconfigure the shell metals. Use the gold titanium alloy from the seraphim tactical satellite. That should ensure a fuselage integrity while while maintaining power-to-weight ratio. Got it?"
"Yes. Shall I render using proposed specifications?"
"Thrill me."



"The render is complete."
"A little ostentatious, don't you think?"
"What was I thinking? You're usually so discrete."
"Tell you what, throw a little hot rod red in there."
"Yes, that shall help you keep a low profile."

"Sir, the more you struggle, the more this is going to hurt."
"Be gentle. This is my first time. I designed this to come off so—. Ow! Hey, I really should be able to..."
"Please, try not to move, sir."

"How do you think the Mark I chest piece is gonna hold up?"
"The suit's at 48% power and falling, sir. That chest piece was never designed for sustained flight."
"Keep me posted."

"Impressive! You've upgraded your armor! I've made some upgrades of my own!"
"Sir, it appears that his suit can fly."
"Duly noted. Take me to maximum altitude."
"With only 15% power, the odds of reaching that al—."
"I know the math! Do it!"

"13% power, sir."
"Climb!"
"11%."
"Keep going."
"7% power."
"Just leave it on the screen. Stop telling me."


"Query complete, sir. Anton Vanko was a Soviet physicist who defected to the United States in 1963. However, he was accused of espionage and was deported in 1967. His son, Ivan, who is also a physicist, was convicted of selling Soviet-era weapons-grade plutonium to Pakistan, and served fifteen years in Kopeisk prison. No further records exist."


"Wake up. Daddy's home."
"Welcome home, sir. Congratulations on the opening ceremonies. They were such a success, as was your senate hearing. And may I say how refreshing it is to finally see you in a video with your clothing on, sir."
"How many ounces a day of this gobbledygook am I supposed to drink?"
"We are up to 80 ounces a day to counteract the symptoms, sir."
"Check Palladium levels."
"Blood toxicity, 24%. It appears that the continued use of the Iron Man suit is accelerating your condition. Another core has been depleted."
"God, they're running out quick."
"I have run simulations on every known element, and none can serve as a viable replacement for the palladium core. You are running out of both time and options. Unfortunately, the device that's keeping you alive is also killing you."

"Sir, we will lose power before we penetrate that shell."

"Sir, Agent Coulson of S.H.I.E.L.D. is on the line."
"I'm not in. I'm actually out."
"Sir, I'm afraid he's insisting."
"Grow a spine, J.A.R.V.I.S.. I got a date."

"As always sir, a great pleasure watching you work."

"Sir, please may I request just a few hours to calibrate-"
"Nope! Micro-repeater implanting sequence complete!"
"As you wish, sir. I've also prepared a safety briefing for you to entirely ignore."
"Which I will.

"Check the heart, check the, check the, is it the brain?"
"No sign of cardiac anomaly or unusual brain activity."
"Okay, so I was poisoned?"
"My diagnosis is that you've experienced a severe anxiety attack."
"Me?"
"All right. Look alive J.A.R.V.I.S.. It's play time. We've only got a couple days with this joystick so let's make the most of it. Update me on the structural and compositional analysis."
"The scepter is alien. There are elements I can't quantify."
"So there's elements you can."
"The jewel appears to be a protective housing for something inside. Something powerful."
"Like a reactor?"
"Like a computer. I believe I'm ciphering code."